As IFA, I want all the information about the current games to be updated on the system portalsin real-time so that the system portal is the only official source of information about the leagueand its games.
As IFA, I want to limit the ability to report on the games in my system to referees only so thatI have one source of authorized information about the game.
As the main referee, I want to have a mobile-based reporting tool so that I can report the gameevents in real-time.
As a side referee, I want to have a mobile-based reporting tool so that I can report the gameevents in real-time.
As a prospect/new team, I want to have access to a dedicated portal so that I can register myteam in the league.
As a team manager, I want to be able to add/edit/delete my players’ details so that I can managerecruiting new players or transferring existing ones.
As IFA, I want to access the teams’ records, including transactions, players transfers, andevents so that I can track the leagues’ activities
As IFA, I want to be able to consider new/potential referees through the system so that I canevaluate their profile for recruitment.
As IFA, I want to be able to modify the parameters of the game scheduling system so that I cancontrol the automatic scheduling process.
As IFA, I want the system to automatically generate game schedule for each league based onthe specified parameters so that biases are minimized.
As IFA, I want my agents to be able to modify the automatically generated game schedules sothat special events and situations are considered in advance.
As IFA, I want each manual game schedule modification to be approved by two agents (initi-ator and approver) so that biases and mistakes are minimized.
As IFA, I want to be able to change the game schedule later with adequate justification after itwas announced so that I can accommodate unforeseen events (weather, emergencies…).
As a referee, I want to communicate my schedule preferences with the IFA in advance so thatmy personal commitments are accommodated.
As IFA, I want the referees assignment system to take pre-defined requirements into accountwhile setting the referees schedule so that to minimize the need for reassigning referees (re-scheduling referees).
As IFA, I want the system to notify referees about the cancelation of games over the phonerather than the online portal so that I ensure they received and acknowledged the updates aboutcancellations.
As IFA, I want to monitor the teams’ budgets.
As IFA, I want to access the teams’ budgets in real-time instead of annually so that I monitorpolicy adherence.
As IFA, I want to limit access to each team’s budget only to the team’s officials and the IFAmanagement so that I maintain the budgets confidentiality.
As a team manager, I want to be able to connect my system to the IFA’s so that I can report inreal-time.
As IFA, I want to provide open access to all information about games, teams, and results so that I improve the leagues transparency.
As IFA, I want the system to present statistics about games, players, teams, and coaches so that I can manage the official source of said statistics.
As a guest fan, I want to have access to all information about games, teams, leagues statistics, and results so that I do not need to search data in different sources.
As a registered fan, I want to have access to all information about games, teams, and results so that I do not need to search for data in different sources.
As a registered fan, I want to be able to follow my preferred teams, players and/or games so that I can receive push notifications about the teams, players and/or games.
As a registered fan, I want to receive reminder notifications before the games that I follow.
As a registered fan, I want to receive reminder notifications about game cancellations through the portal.
As a journalist/news agent, I want to be able to export information about the teams, players and/or games so that I have a single official source of information.
As a player I want to be able to update my profile on the fan portal.
As IFA, I want the system-to-be structured as one system with different interfaces (fans, teams, IFA) so that to avoid inconsistencies and redundant data.
As IFA, I want the system to support up to 50,000 fans simultaneously.
As IFA, I want the system response time for fans, team administration, and IFA administration to not exceed 1 second so that to enhance the users experience.
As IFA, I want the referees’ real-time updates from the games to be prioritized over any other data flows in the system so that the updates are as fast as possible.
As a referee, I want to be connected to the system in real-time during the games so that I can provide the status updates as fast as possible without slowing me down or hindering my ability to manage the game.
As IFA, I want the system to be localizable so that it can accommodate different local regula-tions, languages, currencies and time zone
As IFA, I want the IFA IT team to be able to decide data allocation to different data centers sothat the system complies with different data regulations.
As IFA, I want the system to keep archived information of previous years so that they areaccessible to media personnel and interested fans (e.g., gambling)
As IFA, I want all budget-related information to be encrypted so that I maintain the budgetconfidentiality.
As IFA, I want the system to be implementable in a modular way so that I can prioritize myimplementation stages 9.
As IFA, I want the system to be accommodating to new modules so that I can add new func-tionalities in the next versions 10.
As IFA, I want the system development, implementation and mainten,ance to be outsourced.
As IFA, I want the IFA IT team to act as the client for the system developer so that they handleall communication between IFA and the developer.