As a patient, I want to be able to access my medical record from my mobile device, so that I can review measurement and test results.
As a patient, I want to be able to share data which is collected through my wearable device(s) with healthcare professionals.
As a patient, I want to be able to control who has access to my medical data, so that I can restrict access to my data if necessary.
As a patient, I want to be able to review the status of laboratory tests, so that I have an indication of when the results will be available.
As a patient, I want to be able to schedule appointments, so that I can remotely schedule appointments using my customer account.
As a patient, I want to be able to renew my medication prescriptions
As a doctor, I want to be able to share patient data with both internal as well external laboratories.
As a doctor, I want results of measurements to be imported into patients’ medical records automatically, so that I don’t have to enter these manually.
As a doctor, I want to be able to access patients’ medical records, so that I can view all their relevant medical data.
As a doctor, I want to be able to add data to patients’ medical records.
As a doctor, I want to be able to have an agenda, so that I can see who and where my next patient appointment is.
As a doctor, I want to be able to request laboratory tests, so I can review the results of these tests.
As a doctor, I want to be able to send out prescriptions to pharmacies.
As a doctor, I want to be able to review what medications the pharmacies have in stock.
As a doctor, I want to be able to review the intake prescriptions of medications, so I can advise my patients on their medication intake.
As a doctor, I want to have an overview of external pharmacies including their names, address and contact numbers.
As a doctor, I want nurses to only have partial control over patient’s’ medical records, so that they do not accidentally remove important data.
As a doctor, I want to be able to review the status of laboratory tests, so that I have an indication of when the results will be available.
As a doctor, I want to be able to attach notes to laboratory tests, so that I can supply laboratory personnel with additional information if needed.
As a doctor, I want to be able to log in to the system quickly, so that I don’t have to waste any time during patient appointments
As a nurse, I want to be able to edit patient’ medical record, so that I can enter measurement results.
As a nurse, I want to review patient’s’ relevant medical information, so that I can prepare their room accordingly.
As a receptionist, I want to be able to identify patients through a unique number
As a receptionist, I want to have access to doctors’ schedule, so that I can schedule their appointments.
As a receptionist, I want to be able to match patients to doctors, so that I can schedule appointments for them.
As a receptionist, I want to have an overview of available rooms, so that I can assign patients to them.
As a laboratory technician, I want to be have an overview of all tests that need to be performed.
As a laboratory technician, I want to be able to review the type and level of urgency for each test to be performed, as well as the doctor who has requested the test.
As a laboratory technician, I want to be able to receive notifications regarding requests for tests to be done, so that I can perform tests when needed.
As a laboratory technician, I want to be able to enter test results, so that doctors are able to review them.
As a laboratory technician, I want to be able to attach notes to laboratory tests, so that I can supply doctors with additional information if needed.
As a pharmacist, I want to be able to review a patient’ ID number, medication dosage and prescribed medication.
As a system administrator, I want to be able to adjust users’ access rights.
As a system administrator, I want users to log in using two-step authentication, so that system security is guaranteed.